bored take off and fly experience the
incomparable emotions during a
helicopter flight let yourself be
carried away by the wide freedom of the
open skies fulfill your dream and fly a
helicopter yourself book your first
flying lesson without any previous
experience you will be astonished with
whatís and agility the helicopter will
be steered at your control
take a helicopter sightseeing tour we
offer helicopter tours varying from
flights over your favorite cities to
extensive helicopter tours over the
breathtaking Alps it does not matter if
you are one person or if you would like
to bring a whole group and share the
experience do you want to top your
helicopter sightseeing tour special
highlights of our offers our helicopter
flights over the Alps and a landing on a
glacier enjoy an aperitif and take in
the view of the mountains in between
snow and ice
fly to your favorite places to a
romantic hotel or on top of a glacier
yeah let your wedding become an even
greater event by adding a helicopter
flight
invite your clients or business partners
for helicopter flight your client will
never forget this meeting are you ready
for your flight fulfill your or your
friends dreams with helicopter flights
eh we will gladly send you your personal
gift voucher
Oh